Godzilla attacking gnomes? NE Rosa Parks Way near the corner of NE 22nd.
Found the Santa Clones! Lots of them!
Grant park area, puzzle exchange, 37th ave  east Broadway
Happy Holidays, BIPOC folks!  Please join PDX People of Color Outdoors for two separate Christmas lights events this weekend, Peacock Lane and the Christmas Ships parade.  
this tree, in creston park, waking up to a warm sun after a damp and chilly night…
Charlie Brown van spotted at 22nd and Hawthorne 
Residential building NW Northrup and 24th with lion gate guardians and faery garden 
Krampus!! Woodland Park neighborhood.  There are a handful of huge skeletons in this neighborhood but only one Krampus!!
Poetry Pottery - 48th just S. of Lincoln.
narwhal @ NE Fremont Dr. and NE Duddleson St.
For everyone asking about the Santa Clones this year, here are the clues. If you’ve found them, please feel free to share them WITHOUT a location as requested by the artist: https://www.instagram.com/p/CXaPZUJLwSS/?hl=en
Not sure what this is. Krampus? SW Boundary and Sunset.
Check out the beautiful paint job on this one right by Woodlawn park. Getting hard New Orleans vibes with this one. 
Some words of encouragement, found on the ground in the walkway between Safeway and Lloyd Center, on the sidewalk of Weidler 
A view of Downtown that doesn’t get noticed too often.
Does anyone know what this is used for? I was in downtown today at SW 6th and Harvey Milk and noticed this weight and pully.
Singer Falls, an unique, urban waterfall, drops 52 feet in five steps from the bluff to historic downtown Oregon City at 8th Street & Railriad Avenue. The current falls was created in concrete from the original wild falls by the WPA in 1936. The artwork at the base of the falls is titled “Moontraps@ by Lee Kelly, 2011.
Bicycle wheel balcony 
This is my friends post and one that needs to be seen. Danielle Marie  thank you for taking the time to speak with this man and show his amazing creations 
Glorious new mural on the corner of NE Alberta and NE 18th.
Reclusive monarch above the Schnitz.
'Tis the season...tiny decorated Xmas Trees added to this miniature back yard.
Christmas Giraffe 
This fence art gallery on NE Siskiyou at 66th is so fun!
The Empty Light Project. Original art on utility poles around the vicinity of Alberta Park. NE Ainsworth, NE 19th, NE 22nd. Possibly more!
An old, ivy covered, brick building with metal gates on the hillside next to the public stairway between SW Cardenelle Drive and SW Tenth Avenue. I’m not sure what it is, but thought it would make a nice picture!
North Tabor Community Hobbit Hole
Small diorama in Goose Hollow.
A tree with personality and a bit of an attitude. SE 74th & Ellis
Walking in NW Portland this afternoon, I stumbled across these "mini decorations" and sign in front of a building on NW Northrup - near the intersection with NW 24th!
Bigfoot Reading. This is a piece of the PDX cuckoo clock from the 2014 campaign at the airport. It now lives in domestic baggage claim on the lower level of PDX.
Al Goldsby is the creator of these fish at Lloyd Center. Thanks to a member in this group for the identification.
Piece of sidewalk lookin' like half a headstone outside of the Woodstock laundry. Very cool.
Art on storage shed at children’s garden at Chapman Elementary in NW, near 26th and Pettygrove.
The long winding, wooden city stairs that go up from SW Broadway Drive near SW Grant St. to SW Holland Avenue.
Good fences make good neighbors
Council Crest Park is my favorite Portland place to watch the fog greet the sunrise. The stillness of the crisp air, even with dogs playing and noisy crows, the sky and trees seem to soak it all in, somehow. Oh, and there's a magical tree circle where faeries must surely dwell. 
The Chief Joseph statue on the grounds of the Native American Student and Community Center at SW Broadway and Jackson.
Creative upcycling! British telephone booth gardening shed on NE Klickatat at 52nd
Natural Ties, 2017, painted panels
That’s one big fish head on Mason between 9th and 10th.
Someone did a beautiful job on these sweet little birdhouses hanging on the porch of this house on the corner of Garfield and Fremont. I wonder if any are occupied.
This street tree was sharing a little extra love this morning.  N Alberta and Commercial.
Zoo Train tracks
Little gnome homes discovered in George Himes Park
Whoever painted this railing painted the bike lock too. It’s the little things that make me smile. Alberta art district.
Former Fire Station
Chill Cafe food cart by Calm & Flash.
Portland Heritage Tree #318
Recently updated stairs on Siskiyou & 19th
Old wall oven turned into a free library, 62ndish and S.E. Henderson st. how cool is that?
These colorful murals decorate a bicycle parking "garage" on the Portland State University campus - just off SW 12th Avenue on Mill Street.
Sidewalk art near Everett Community Garden
The beautiful, old doors of St. James Lutheran Church at SW Park Avenue and Jefferson.
Mt. Calvary Cemetery at its best.
Landscaping Jeep
A small memorial in Park Blocks near Mill Street in the Portland State area.
A perspective of the Lombard Street spiral ramp over an I-5 entrance that you only get by cycling or walking over it. The future of this spiral ramp is uncertain.
What a wonderful way to reuse a barber shop pole. This is in front of Green Bean Books on Northeast Alberta and 16th.
St. Stephen Catholic Church at sunset. 1112 SE 41st Avenue.
Small Business Skeletons on wheels. Around 20th and SE Hawthorne, not far from Cinemagic.  My mind blanked on what business they were pointing out but a look at Google Maps leads me to think it’s Black Star Bags.
Spiderweb leaded glass window with crow. Woodstock neighborhood.
I love this colorful mural which celebrates the Pacific Northwest. It’s located in the north pedestrian tunnel at the Portland airport (PDX). The artists are Alex Chiu and Jeremy Nichols. It’s beautiful!
The salmon on Salmon Street at Park Avenue downtown.
A Chinatown Panda on NW Fourth Avenue next to the Republic Cafe.
Flamingos instead of flowers? Irvington on 17th between Tillamook and Knott.
The Mary’s Club murals are making a move.
A couple of holiday travelers looking for directions, or a local couple checking out their most recent x-ray ? 
A bush that’s a train  around SW 74th and Alden
I always enjoy walking by this cheerful front garden, with its decorative bottles and tiles. Near SE 45th and Division (on the south side of Division).
Visited Oaks Amusement Park at night for an event.
We came upon this unusual fairy tale house in SE Portland. Sorry, I can't remember the exact location but somewhere a few blocks south of Hawhthorne near SE 6th or 7th and SE Mill. Maybe someone can help me out with the address?
Found this sweet lady in the Mt. Tabor neighborhood 
Tiny plant growing in handrail. Piccolo Park.
Artwork by Richard Cawley in a yard on Lincoln between 51st and 52nd. I just want to light this up!
Happy Star Wars Thanksgiving from the @SkeleKrewe
This beautiful work of art (or should I say “work of heart”) at St. Vincent Providence Hospital near Beaverton.
Cool silhouette of I don't know what, on electrical box, SW 5th Avenue and SW Oak Street, next to "Big Pink".
Helpful signs. SE 50th and Tibbetts.
Very cool public art night and day at the Rockwood Max Stop.
We recently noticed that there's artwork on the garbage cans in our neighborhood, here are some examples. I don't know where else in the city there may be arty garbage cans, these are on SE Powell Blvd, between 75th & I think 52nd.
I found this collection of community-building goodness on 44th and Woodward.
Coyote mural, SW Yamhill Street and SW 10th Avenue MAX platform.
During the day, you can’t see the stained glass windows very well, but at night they glow with beautiful colors. St. Rose of Lima church, Rose City Park neighborhood
The gargoyle statue on a building top along South Bancroft Street as you enter the South Waterfront area from Macadam.
If you need a port in a storm, tie your ship to one of these heavy metal posts @ 44th and Alder.
Can someone tell me
Pac Man characters seen in the Rose City Park neighborhood on NE 59th near the school
The worn stairs are a tell tale sign of the level of foot traffic passing through this fairy door near Grant High School.
Art installation at the Fuller Road MAX station (between Johnson Creek Blvd and Otty Road).
Found Mr. Skeleton while wandering between Division and Belmont in SE Portland.
NFT Mural https://nftmural.org/ 
Monster footed bench with matching arm rest warmers.
SE 79th between ash and Burnside is a lovely stroll for horse rings 
 Portland Horse Project
OHSU’s Rood Family Pavillon on South River Parkway in the South Waterfront area. It houses out of town families of the hospital’s patients and offers easy access to the main hospital by tram.
NE 22nd Ave north of Rosa Parks Way. Fun flamingos.
Maybe it's been posted before. But caught my eye as I was out driving and I wanted to share.
Sidewalk repair in SE Portland. I think this was Belmont.
Found this wall art, looks to be a stenciled painting just off of the corner of SW Dosch and SW Patton
Hidden Portland buildings in the fog
